everybody welcome extra lamb please
abiding by Stanford plus we're just
mainline in these challenges
I don't remember it's in the cards I do
remember beans you get the bean you got
black bean you got the songs that remind
us of the good times and if I'm not
mistaken the songs that remind us of the
best times am I we had 99 bombs I was
thinking like if I well I thought we had
number two we don't have number two we
have but bombs sorry I was a little a
little confused by the situation as
presented there 99 poisonous bombs go by
like look balloons it's a relatively
easy run to imagine winning even if we
get no bombs we can use 15 per floor
without suffering like any consequences
I hate to do this but please jump at me
please jump thank you
you get farted on and then you will pass
away I will get a tears and shot speed
increase that's worth effectively
nothing but I think our game plan is
very obvious here get to mom which is
the end of this run use as few bombs as
possible I mean if we wanted to get
technical and like cheesy and possibly
like create the most disliked video I've
made since the episodes of Isaac in
green mode where I thought it was a
smart idea to never buy keys those were
the days or episode 90 of battlegrounds
equally dud days wow that that pretty
much gives us the win honestly Majesty
giving us occasional bombs is very
valuable here but yeah what I was going
to say is the way that we would probably
do that is just by blowing up the doors
getting to the bosses killing the bosses
with bombs then we're using literally a
bomb per room and that I think it
doesn't get any better than that we're
probably gonna not going to go through
90 rooms what the heck have I come
across here it's a like a booster pack
item I've never seen eyeball tears don't
you love it when you get an item that
can't conceivably provide you with any
benefit on a run like this
I'm not mad about it it's cool to see
new items I always like to experience
new stuff and it means that well it's
not true in real life I don't always
love to experience new stuff I'm the
kind of guy find something that like on
the menu I order it a million times why
mess with perfection right I will say
dude kind of a rough draw to find
Krampus this early but we're still
killing it from a bomb perspective we
probably want to keep beans just because
we can't or like the duh bean I should
say just in case we do run out of bombs
like we take up dad bombs or ki pill or
something like that we can put ourselves
in a pretty nasty spot there if we
didn't have any way to deal damage but
the dream is to never have to worry
about that so the other like very mild
bit of strategy as you keep in mind is
like always use bean as quickly as
possible when it's available because it
has a time charge associated with it now
I will admit I'm a little scared we're a
third of the way through the run more or
less way I mean in terms of total rooms
we're not even close but we're like a
third of the floors through the run and
yet you may have noticed we're already
closing in on being like more than a
third of our bombs down wouldn't say
that I'm alarmingly concerned but I
would say that it's like on the list I'm
starting to get a little worried so you
know what would actually be like a
low-key good pickup and I'm not going to
talk about Thor again despite a name in
the god of mixture a Loki great pickup
would be a map item something that
allows us to prioritize the use of our
bombs that much more effectively just
because we're going to know when they're
applicable is like the highest
conceivable efficiency and when they're
not basically we're just going to keep
throwing bombs down here then a 67 but
almost halfway through the run I'll take
the pills because I'm not a baby if you
want to give me bombs or ki then shoot
coward you're only going to kill a man
although you probably will ruin the
Challenge 100% and you know what that's
your right video game is your right
please stop swallowing all of the toxic
but fumes from my bombs
I need those to damage these enemies and
you're making me an angry individual
here
okay little Chad probably irrelevant so
be it
okay flooded cakes be smart here because
fifty eight bombs we read like half
probably wise to maximize the utility of
each bomb so on in a room like this just
get all the enemies to get as close to
you as they can seem as we can forty
eight hour energy I could not be less
excited about a basically useful pill
but here we are
kick that bad boy in there kick this bad
boy in there I'm a little amazed that we
haven't taken damage that could have
screwed us here later okay I do want to
point out in episode whatever of the
binding of issac which is this one I
could have used a bomb to get a bomb and
a penny
I know it's sacrilegious to not care
about that even though it's a would be a
positive for us to do so I apologize I
have brought great shame upon my Isaac
skills I'm only being like hat facetious
it is a bad move to not go for it okay
like the thing is though yet okay so
like here's the problem first off we
should just bounce but now like there's
pride tied up in it so I can't refuse
that was annoying do me you never mind
just do me I'm going to say do me a
favor but I've changed my mind there
there we go there's some extra bombs out
of this appreciate it appreciate it
BOGO bombs would be another beautiful
pick up that arcade ended up being like
surprisingly quite good
you know what is nice about the
challenges as well I'm learning a little
bit about the world around us like and
by the world around us I mean about this
game that I played 10,000 times but I
always write off the value of the
concussion effect from our stinky bombs
here from toxic bombs they're really
really nice in a situation like this in
which we have no other means to hurt
enemies using our bombs to kind of buy
us a little bit of time is very nice
that was a that was a poor move on my
part I'll be the first to tell you that
one more on the annoying side if I'm
being honest and okay one bomb to maybe
get consumables worth it but probably a
bad idea
we're almost approaching like using
bombs to open doors territory proving to
be surprisingly difficult we still got
two floors left and we're not exactly
killing it I mean in the Annie
Department but we're definitely not
killing it in the in the survival
department right now we're definitely
not killing it in the damage Department
so and what departments are we killing
it in maybe the Department of Energy
Rick Perry Rick Ross these are just
Rick's at this point alright so I'm
going to be very slightly ballsy here IV
bag is actually potentially a game
winner for us but it's a big potential
what we need to make IV bag really pop
just this is pretty good what we need to
make a V bag really pop would be an
orbital right here which I don't think
it's conceivable for us to get unless we
beat the odds and manage to get a deal
with the devil possible
I got to be honest though coming across
a tanky I walked right into him coming
across a tanky enemy at this point in
our lives is an extremely bad situation
to be in
please give me any alternative means of
dealing tips I'm scared dude like I'm
looking at this run and I'm like what
are we gonna do what are we gonna do go
we're gonna be out of bombs soon so
we'll use this I had what is the blue
map might give me an indication of where
to go I'm not in the business of buying
a single bomb what how and I don't just
mean like how like a house way I did not
see what came for us there I am
perturbed
I just cannot I can't
I'm not going to wait I'm sorry please
give me something now I care
now I care about trying to maximize this
oh the shacks this is probably the it
might be the right way I really thought
I got them both we got to be so savvy
with bomb and beam usage
just keep them going here Annie come on
jump that hurts me deep in my soul any
unnecessary usage of a bomb is like the
worst thing we could do this is fine
that that will save us time in the long
run even if you got to wait for this
thing to eventually come to fruition
here as long as it doesn't spit out a
spider that runs away from our fart
should be okay
so just to be on the safe side I'm
popping it probably was unnecessary but
I got a little skittish this should be
good
all right good recovery 13 bombs
remaining it's an enemy that gives us an
orbital aka like life is but a dream we
have just been saved like a ray
lamontagne song like a ctrl s shortcut
in Photoshop or Microsoft Word we have
been saved like a coupon for a product
you actually use we have just been saved
well there's there's some just IMed
there's some justification for dark bum
I think we still have three bombs if we
didn't get an orbital I think we might
have been screwed and I'm just being
100% oz we could still lose I don't
think we will but if we hadn't gotten an
orbital I think we may have just like
literally lost so save the bombs
probably most prudence or keep them
around for you know mom plays here don't
forget about your beam it's kind of just
good advice in general I suppose I mean
it I really don't want to use a bomb so
I won't but it's annoying I don't like
when runs make you slow down
but you know what it's probably good
practice and I think we put two and two
together here like that that usually
sounds like your salat you've solved the
mystery but what I mean in this case
specifically is we've gotten the items
we need to succeed the orbital has
changed the run for us we're going to
take damage if we stand here but it's
another thing is great about challenges
from a novelty standpoint we actually
don't care about taking damage as much
as we care about salvaging three bombs
it's like a weird counterintuitive way
to look at things but I really feel like
now save the lovers dark bomb is
actually bad for us right now because we
get more efficiency out of red hearts
that we can pick up dark dark bomb is
bad for us from a from using a lovers
card perspective is what I mean to say
not bad for us in general necessarily
but my life is worth less than the three
bonds we have around us and I don't mean
like the concept of my existence rather
I mean the literal amount of life that I
have is worth less than than the bombs
right now we're walking in like exactly
the same speed and direction as our
orbital so use a bomb knock these guys
out yeah start rotating this way not
good damage dude sorry dark bomb okay be
smart by these two we're probably like
two rooms away from the boss fight we're
going to come away from this one with a
victory but dude got to give it up to
the beams challenge a little bit more
potent than I had thought was uh what's
going to happen
highly vegetable grab it get the heck
out of town all we got to do is walk
into mom this is one of the rare
situations in which red mom would have
been better but turns out we didn't need
to save any of our bombs at all but
she's saying bombs moms I'm just you
know I'm confused but I'm also happy
that this run is closing in on
completion look at that bomb efficiency
right there
one bomb equals two bombs suck on that
Archimedes sad bombs would have been
nice would have been nice but you know
what we're getting the polaroid for no
reason and we're out of here 14 minutes
and burnt penny nothing wrong with that
let's go check out the it's in the cards
challenge here basement one two a space
card against humanity why why
so we get starter deck deck of cards
nine volt and battery so essentially
just a lot of cards it's actually like a
pretty good start like it's it's an
advantageous start relative to a normal
run and it only goes to Mom's foot I'm
not going to say whether that's good or
bad it's just short you know we might be
able to push it a little further
I suppose if we want to but just
remember we're not using you know beam
power anymore doesn't mean we don't want
to use bombs whenever appropriate yeah
like dad probably was not appropriate
but okay I cards against humanity' is
probably the best card I actually hate
that and emergency contact which I never
remember what it does and thus not only
do I not get use out of it but I
irritate everybody who's like you don't
remember what it does but it's actually
pretty good
I know it's not like everybody tweaks me
to say it's not a teleport card and yet
somehow and I'm not saying you're wrong
every time I use it I end up getting hit
by a wall master and sucked out of
existence that's my memory at least
maybe it pulls the other enemies out I
don't remember I'll replace egde and you
can play the sender you want point tip
all the time fight dude give me this
deal with the devil right after all we
win I know a lot of a lot of runs of
bend this but sack daggered equals you
win plus gimpy even is like even better
but I I've lived too long on this
glorious planet to like deal damage with
three point five damage tears that sort
of thing isn't my bag baby I want to
chop things up with a big old linoleum
knife here like it's the intro to the
Aqua Teen Hunger Force movie notice I
didn't call it a film I don't know what
that lines supposed to mean it was like
a mr. show call back notice I didn't say
TV because TV is a nickname and
nicknames are
for friends and television is no friend
of mine you see Cavill is ironic because
they were also on television at the time
was on HBO was a very forward-thinking
network at the time not that it isn't
anymore
speaking of which dude I got to be
honest with you I'm not trying to rush
this episode out it just I mean when you
get sack daggers smoke it if you got it
it's 7:35 Game of Thrones is on at 8:00
you know a channel that's on HBO no she
didn't I will say that dude so when you
get HBO in Canada at least you can't
just get HBO is then it's I this is like
now going down ten different tangents I
don't necessarily want it to go down I
feel like a lot of people in my business
and I am not even being ironic referring
to it as a business this time but they
have a chip on their shoulder about old
media well this is why we're putting you
guys out of business and I don't feel
like that you know I YouTube has its
advantages mostly it's like dude if you
already have your dream job why are you
punching down these people go into the
office every day to work on you know two
and a Half Men or something like that
you're just going to make them feel bad
about themselves with your comments that
are founded in ignorance plus you've
already get to make your own hours and
you know play video games for a living
why you coming across like you're some
sort of subset that's persecuted or
anyway the point is like I'm not the
kind of guy who just wants to crap on
old media and go like I'll get with the
times look I get it every get what the
times is a fair expression a lot of the
times but it's also a young person's
game you know you worked in television
since the time you were 22 years old
you're 55 you got like five years to go
to retirement everyone's going just
reinvent your whole life right now or
die that's the wave it's easy for you to
do well let me put this way it's easier
for you to do when you're 19 than when
you're like you know 50 because all I'm
saying so I got sympathy for people who
are you know they find themselves in
times of trouble as industries change
I'm not taking that I learned my lesson
I'll still do it for one read
fine by me but it is stupid that you
can't just buy HBO
like you'd have to be as stupid as I am
to pay 18 bucks a month to the movie
channels Plus HBO but the movie channels
just highlight like a how Netflix is
eatin their lunch and is 10 times better
for 18 dollars Canadian a month so like
15 USD roughly I don't know why I was
such a stickler for that roughly don't
get me wrong it's not an exact
calculation anyway you get three movie
channels and HBO I basically paid all
that for HBO's Netflix is like $15
Canadian a month you choose I mean
there's a much greater library of movies
and TV shows you can watch them at your
leisure you don't have to oh sorry the
movie you want to watch start at 15
minutes ago so actually like you're
screwed you got to wait for five days
for it to be back on blank card would be
nice by the way but I don't think were
going to get the money and I can't
stress enough just a much greater
selection the movie channel is like
cheap pay-per-view now have I seen good
things on the movie channel no not
really to be honest with you but I have
strengths the other ones too is space
we're never going to need to a space
gonna run this short I have put it on
now I'm happy about this because I do
want to get enough money to get blank
card if possible I have put it on when
I'm doing work in the background work
that doesn't require me to you know be
quiet essentially now we should never do
this you know little dicey here by a
little actually I mean like a lot dicey
but it you know we do have 12 damage as
well or 10 damage I should say so we're
going to get there it's a blank card and
I think it is worth it for blank card
now what are we going to use blank card
with well as of right now we don't have
anything to use blank card with
unfortunately but
eighteen dollars a month for that is
like it I guess at some point that's why
people say get with the times is because
you kind of you know you lose sympathy
pretty easily when you can get a much
better service for cheaper that also
offers you know greater flexibility but
anyway I'll keep this I'm you know
you're supposed to vote with your wallet
I think this is why I've become like the
way that a ham because like I should
vote with my wallet out of principle I'm
like I don't like the fact that this is
expensive but it's convenient enough
that the convenience factor outweighs my
anger and as a result I've chosen that
this isn't the fight I want to fight
right now I will continue to pay too
much money for HBO and I will just
cancel the service when Curb Your
Enthusiasm is 11 season finishes I
walked on the spikes okay we got to be
actually cautious mostly because as
usual kind of a dumb man here in the
created a situation in which we could
actually die and snatch defeat from the
jaws of victory let me out I mean
especially the 10 damage we don't really
need to use sack dagger it's very
tempting to do so though I can't tonight
since like HBO is like the pre Netflix
you know 15 years ago almost nobody on
TV was making good TV except for HBO I'm
not saying that like if anybody should
be playing the what if game about
Netflix is definitely blockbuster you
know they have the opportunity to buy
them for 12 cents on the dollar and then
they said hahaha your service is stupid
you should feel bad and now you know
there's like 10 Netflix left there's
alright 10 blockbusters left in North
America but you know HBO really was like
the proto Netflix but they're kind of
just behind the times here now again
this is always the pressure for me is
when I've played badly it looks like I'm
throwing to get out of here quickly
that's not the case I would much rather
finish this run
successfully blank card world that's not
that bad we can use that appropriately
just try not to die like an idiot I'm a
little worried about what this guy's
going to get up to when he starts to
fire again you should be we should be
okay I don't know true this is going to
be close we got a we got a speed upgrade
I don't know if we want a speed upgrade
with 1.9 speed and 1 hp and at least we
can see where we're going again
you got to open that when you get the
chance but we have basically in fact
even at this present moment well I was
about to say that we've thrown away our
best chance I'm continuing to kind of
throw away our best chance by still
using sac dagger for effectively no
reason well there's a reason it's just a
bad reason let's not completely
misrepresent it it does do a lot of
damage however there's no need to worry
about dealing a lot of damage in this
situation because we're already crushing
it
we do have blank card gear up blank RDR
a classic combo basically because this
one only goes to Mom's foot we win if
the spirit heart Falls
so I mean even if we can just get into
the shop which is one room away
unfortunately have to do a big room to
get to it so this is like a little scary
just don't step on the creep think we're
going to pull this out come on spirit
arts to the shop is like a classic combo
you're not greed but you're also not
spirit on so instead we blank card Yara
will get a copy of every consumable
Emperor temperance and parents well if
we only have one floor left we should go
Emperor Yara at this point we could blow
up a temperance card except that we can
because we don't have any dang bombs now
we can no we can we can't get over there
are you crazy I just walked over here
I'm begging if we want to all do that
huge we not AdBlue map like where's my
second secret room we could go back
possibly should go back for stone chests
in the boss trap room or mob trap room
but I find myself slightly perturbed
about this overall situation to be
honest with you so I'm just oh I saw it
coming but I dare not move in case I
moved myself into into danger watch out
because those spawn bombs you're just
going down you're dusting dude fool card
death card log okay hello this might be
a little close you're an emperor fool
fools not relevant Yara
Emperor brownie it's the hardest boss I
actually think we'll probably die here
champion brownie might buy me the
slightest bit of safety dude we've done
it I I hate it because you should be mad
at me for this because this is like the
worst I've ever played and yet still
been rewarded but I mean what can you do
except like blank card Yara and then
Yara that and now all of a sudden you
pick up these four you come down to the
next floor you look at what's around you
but I mean it's kind of just all for
naught because we're popping this bad
boy and then we're just walking into
victory basically you know the problem
supposedly with Arsenal is that they
always try to walk it in that's the
benefit of this run and look we might
have gotten a little lucky at the end
but the spirit of winning was still
there that's another two challenges down
this one unlocks superfan SMB superfan
is a decent item so I'm okay with that
for now thanks for watching hope you've
enjoyed the episode of you can click the
like button upset a great deal of course
subscribe if you want see more in the
future but for now thanks for watching
and I'll see you next time
you